Scala version error support (#655)
VirtusLab/scala-cli: website/docs/commands/compile.md

scala-cli compile --scala 3 Hello.scala
```

## Scala Nightlies

The nightly builds of Scala compiler are unstable ones which are published on a nightly basis.

> For using the latest scala 2 and scala 3 nightly builds, you should pass `2.nightly` and `3.nightly`, respectively.

Reviewer: NIT
```suggestion
For using the latest Scala 2 and Scala 3 nightly builds, you should pass `2.nightly` and `3.nightly`, respectively.
```

> Scala-cli takes care of fetching the nightly builds of Scala 2 and Scala 3 from different online repositories, without you having to pass their addresses as input after the `--repo` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scala CLI takes care of fetching the nightly builds of Scala 2 and Scala 3 from different repositories, without you having to pass their addresses as input after the `--repo` flag.
```

For compiling with the latest Scala 2 nightly build: 
```bash
scala-cli Hello.scala -S 2.nightly
```

> For compiling with the latest Scala 3 nightly build, in the command line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For compiling with the latest Scala 3 nightly build:
```

```bash
scala-cli Hello.scala -S 3.nightly
```

> For compiling with an specific nightly build, you have the full version for, in the command line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For compiling with an specific nightly build, you have the full version for:
```

```bash
scala-cli Hello.scala -S 2.13.9-bin-4505094 
```

> For adding this inside scala files through the using directives syntax, you write:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For adding this inside scala files with using directives, use:
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can simply link here to using directives guide that we have and keep Alex version (is easier to read).

```scala

> \\ using scala "2.nightly"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//> using scala "2.nightly"
```

```
```scala

> \\ using scala "3.nightly"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//> using scala "3.nightly"
```

```
```scala

> \\ using scala "2.13.9-bin-4505094"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//> using scala "2.13.9-bin-4505094"
```
